dog, cat, fish, bird, animal, snake, cow, pig, mouse, horse, elephant, 
tail, wing, train, plane, car, bicycle, bus, boat, tire, gasoline, 
train ticket, city, house, street, airport, train station, bridge, 
hotel, farm, crowd, court, hat, dress, skirt, shirt, T-shirt, pants, 
shoes, pocket, son, daughter, mother, father, man, woman, brother, 
sister, family, grandfather, grandmother, husband, wife, king, queen, 
neighbor, boy, girl, religion, death, money, coffee, tea, wine, beer, 
juice, water, milk, eggs, cheese, bread, soup, cake, chicken, pork, 
beef, apple, banana, orange, lemon, corn, rice, oil, seed, knife, 
spoon, fork, plate, cup, breakfast, lunch, dinner, sugar, table, 
chair, clock, bed, lamp, window, door, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom, 
pencil, pen, photograph, soap, cell phone, computer, laptop, camera, 
television, book, key, paint, head, face, hair, eye, mouth, nose, 
ear, tongue, back, finger, toe, leg, foot, heart, blood, brain, 
tooth, knee, sweat, disease, bone, beard, teardrop, sea, river, 
mountain, rain, snow, tree, sun, moon, forest, plant, wind, soil, 
earth, flower, valley, root, lake, star, grass, leaf, air, sand, 
beach, ocean, wave, morning, evening, night, teacher, doctor, waiter, 
secretary, priest, glass, metal, wood, stone, clay, meter, centimeter, 
kilogram, inch, pound, half, circle, square, silver, gold, diamond, 
copper, ball, game, price, gun, dream, left, right, straight, bag, box, 
barrel, map, dot, poison, needle, consonant, vowel, light, Summer, 
Spring, Winter, Fall, year, month, day, hour, minute, second, 
property, land, job, work, baby, politics, leader, chocolate, cereal, 
yogurt, sandwich, app, internet, socket, electricity
